>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We are going to look
at how to have a strong grasp on how
to construct a single
feature in Angular 2.
And then tomorrow,
we'll look at how to actually
compose multiple features together.
But today, we're gonna start
out real slow, real gentle.
And we're just just gonna incrementally
build to the point where we can
understand how to build
an single feature in Angular 2.
And so this is the agenda,
time permitting.
So we're just gonna real quick
talk about the demo application,
then we're going to get
into the big picture.
So this is just for me when I look
at a book, I like to go right to
the Table of Contents, and
be like, what am I gonna learn?
Okay, I have a pretty good idea and
then go and fill in the gaps.
So we're gonna do the Angular 2 big
picture, we'll talk about the Angular CLI,
then we'll get into components,
templates, services, and routing.